---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 My Progress in Programming
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-09
labels:
  - E4
---

1) My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
I am now able to identify simple mistakes in my code that cause errors and try to avoid them as much as possible. Mistakes such as spelling errors or a missing semicolon are very common, so I learned that I should be looking for those mistakes first. I am also more confident in my ability to do simple things like creating a webpage after doing one myself.

2) I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I need to start grasping certain concepts first rather than being lazy and using the answers given to me with the screencasts when I get stuck. 

3) I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.
I only disagree with this for certain WODs. I had trouble with a few of them and got stuck, so I had to resort to the screencast.

4) The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
Sometimes labs can be really fast, and sometimes I get lost trying to catch up. However, watching the class recordings are a huge help because I can pause them in order to get the code to work, and to grasp certain concepts. 

5) I feel I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).
I somewhat agree. I was able to complete the Assignment 1 although the website layout and server part got me really stressed out. However, after doing it on my own and realizing what I did not do correctly, I feel more confident in moving onto the next stage.

6) I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
More screencasts with examples would be extremely helpful. I personally do not like reading, so I like to watch the screencasts and I feel that the material is absorbed better with screencasts vs. readings.

7) These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:
Recordings are definitely the most helpful thing in this class because we are able to go at our own pace. Pausing the video is always an option so it allows more leeway to make mistakes and learn from them, rather in a class setting where we are pressured to keep up with what is going on. 

