---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Retrospective Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-14
labels:

---

**Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)**
I created a website called "K's Sticker Shop" where I sell different stickers.

**Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?**
I wasn't able to get my cookies to work and because of that, no one will be able to check out of my application either since you need to be logged in to check out.

**Describe what you are most proud of about your system:**
I'm really proud that I got my cart to function. I thought it would be the most difficult part of the assignment, but turns out it wouldn't be. 

**Describe what you are least happy with your system:**
I'm really disappointed in myself because I wasn't able to get the cookies to work. Thats the biggest part of the assignment, and without the cookies working, I couldn't get many of the other things to work either, like the checkout button.

**How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?**
This assignment was much more challenging compared to assignment 2. Most of the time I felt overwhelmed with everything we needed to implement. Lots of things weren't working so that frustrated me even more. 

**When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?**
When I ran into a problem, I would delete the code that caused the problem and try something else. 

**Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?**
The assignment 3 code examples and labs were extremely helpful in this assignment. I took a lot of my code from them. 

**Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?**
Doing the assignment in big chunks rather in small manageable pieces was something that didn't work well for me. I got really overwhelmed at times.

**What did you learn from doing this assignment?**
I learned that it's really difficult to get something to work when you don't understand it well. I had a hard time understanding how cookies work, and because of that I could not find a way to get it to work on my website.

**If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?**
I would definitely have asked for help with cookies for this assignment. I also wished that I started a bit earlier. I definitely would have been able to add more features if I did.

**Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging**
a) thinking about how to do something: 50%; b) writing code: 20%; c) testing and debugging: 30%

**Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)**
I did not have a partner and did Assignment 3 on my own.
