---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1 UI Basics Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-02-01
labels:
  - E1
---

  BrowserHistory1 was the most challenging WOD out of the three. It took me several times to get it right, and I kept having to delete the files and screen recordings and start again around three times because I was taking too long to figure things out. Eventually, I went to watch the solution video, tried to understand what was going on, and took a bunch of notes on it. I also looked at previous readings and made sure that my understanding was solid. I then attempted to do the WOD again with my notes as a guide whenever I got lost. It took about twenty three minutes for my first successful attempt at the practice. I then tried again without my notes. From this WOD, I learned how to attach links and pictures to my HTML file.
  
  For BrowserHistory2, it was much simpler and I was able to get it done in two attempts. In my first attempt, I had trouble finding the code to change my font to Oswald, but after that, most of it was straightforward. My last attempt took me about six minutes. In this WOD, I learned how to word wrap and how to force load the HTML onto the browser, in order to make the CSS stylesheet update.
  
  In BrowserHistory3, I didn't know how to make columns, so I watched the solution video, and took note of it. I then attempted to do the rest on my own, but then I got stuck on creating the navigation bar, so I looked it up from our readings and found the code for it. Once my understanding of how to make the columns and navigation bar was solid, I was able to successfully do the WOD on my third attempt in around seven minutes.
  
  From my unsuccessful WOD attempts, I learned that it was okay to be constantly making mistakes and to not get it right on the first try. The more I practiced and solidified my knowledge of concepts from past readings, the more easier the WODs became. 


