---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-04
labels:
  - E5
---

1) Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
Link to assignment: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html
Assignment 2 was focused on upgrading our assignment 1 to include a login/registration page and personalization for the user. 

2) What did you learn from this assignment?
In this assignment, I learned how to pass information from one page to the next. This part of the assignment was probably the most difficult and took the longest time. I also learned a lot about server-side processing and why it is so important.

3) Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
I did not work with a partner.

4) How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I went back to labs and assignment examples for help. I mostly needed help with making user data persistent.

5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
This assignment needed much more time thinking about how to do things compared to assignment 1. With assignment 1 we were given an example which really helped. In assignment 2 we just had to do most of it on our own which made it much more difficult.

6) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
a) 30%, b) 30%, c) 40%
I believe the majority of the time I was using to test my code. Most of it was trial and error and looking up stuff on the internet/previous labs. 

7) Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
Getting a good idea of how I wanted the website to function beforehand worked really well with this project. What didn't work well was writing a lot of code, then testing it, rather than writing smaller, more manageable sections of code, and testing frequently.

8) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
If I could go back in time, I would definitely start much earlier and get help from the professor. 
